File is basically gonna serve as the initial idea for what I want this project to be. It's gonna be really rough and just outlining a bunch of stuff with my voice and so things might not be thought through or text might be weird grammatically or out of order.

Basically, this one issue that I have is that I really want to take notes in Obsidian because having it in markdown is really nice. It's human readable and machine readable and all of those things. But one issue that I have is that cloud syncing it is kind of weird. also one of the other ideas I had was to create this sort of like natural language server for it. but if it's just on my computer, then the friction is still too high. Like I really need it to be on my phone. And so I was kind of thinking through how this could work because maybe this is an incorrect assumption, but getting an agentic tool onto your phone is pretty difficult and probably not super user friendly, and so I was kind of thinking through a different idea of how this would work.

So there exists like AI MCP things for Obsidian on desktop. And I think that setting that up is relatively easy. But again, having it on the phone is more difficult. And so basically I think what I want to create is a tool for your phone that uses natural language to just take like audio notes. And then once your some very something very much like once your phone connects to the same local network as your computer or something like that, then the files are synced to some like companion app on your computer, which also acts as a sort of bridge between the obsidian stuff on on your laptop. And so yeah, for example, I could take a voice note on my phone being like I need to do this task later, or something like that, and please add it to this directory in my obsidian. And then once your phone connects with your computer, it hands that file off, and then the MCP on your machine goes and handles that task instead of it needing to be handled by the phone.

Basically to do a quick user case study. I want to open my phone, unlock it, open the app, and immediately be able to take a voice note with very very little friction. It should use natural language. And if the user wants to, after they're done recording, they can either keep recording or edit the text, and then save that note to their local phone. Then from there they should be able to edit local notes. And this is all assuming that they're not within range of their computer, or maybe their computer's off or something. And then so that's all saved on their phone, maybe just throughout the day. Then we can say they go back to their apartment where their laptop is, and then once they open their laptop, there is some sort of sync between the laptop and the phone. And the notes are then handed off to an agent on the computer to add it to their obsidian.