I open the app and click the large recording button at the bottom of the screen to begin recording. I then talk into the phone for a few sentences, but someone interrupts me. So I tap the microphone button again to stop the recording. And once I'm done talking to that other person, I look at the phone, see what has been transcribed so far, realize where I've left off, click the microphone button again, and continue with my thoughts. Once I've fully hashed out my thoughts and I click the record button to stop the recording. I click on the text which is already available on the screen and edit some of my thoughts. I also click in the middle of the text and add a quick new voice note, new transcribed voice note, in the middle of the block to elaborate on one of my ideas. And once I'm done talking, once again I press the microphone button to stop.I click the new note button, which is at the top of the screen, and then repeat this process to record another thought.My last thought was automatically saved. From here, now that I'm done with two of my thoughts, I close the app, and after a while I come back to it and I'm greeted with the standard opening screen, which should prompt you to leave a new voice note. Specifically, it should just be the screen that comes up when there is a new voice note already loaded. So it should just be there shouldn't be any home screen or anything like that. It should just always open straight into a new note. But instead of recording a new note, I actually want to go back and edit one of the ones that I made before. So ISwipe up from the bottom of the screen, making sure that I don't interact with standard phone swipe to go home interactions, and can see a drawer of my previous notes. These previous notes just show the first few words spoken from them. I click into one of them and add a quick title, which is not necessary and is not automatically added before.And after clicking the new note button again, I am once again taken to that home screen, which is the new note screen.Once I get back to my home, I'm curious if the phone app has connected to the desktop. So I go and into the phone app and click the settings button in the top right, which then brings me to various settings about the app. But the status of the connection should really be forefront on this page, showing me whether I am connected or disconnected from my desktop to the companion app.I see that I am not connected, but a few seconds later, the menu now shows that I am connected, and when I go onto the main page, I see the green sync icon somewhere on the top bar letting me know that the notes are now syncing to the desktop. As I open the note drawer again, I can see each note's sync status, whether it is not syncing yet, in progress with syncing or has successfully synced to the desktop. And now that my two notes have been successfully synced, I click the button which has always been there, which says delete all synced notes.